I'm sick of always here
all the sad song
all day
dare to be more
you know versed guy
restaurant
our favorite
and we would
we would laugh
never
yeah
I'm sick of
Samael of
it stuck
it's play
you said this
when Jackie
how fiercely
Oh tears
checking hey guys
that's rebels here another tribute video
this one's in memory of her beloved
friend Ben Pappas and I just recently
watch all this mayhem and I thought was
a really great doctor Mary another the
Papas bro dude yeah yeah I just figured
that someone to pretty much create a
tribute video for him repent nur our
buddy Ben and um he deserves it my thing
you know you know like I'm hiding to get
some flak suddenly disagreement with in
this video and I understand you know you
didn't trigger someone I understand that
but yeah beyond that um or you think it
was a great guy you know a good crease
brother so yeah well does a tribute
video of my opinion you know so uh I
decided to compile a list of an
alternative songs you could use to play
them as a background music for this
video if you do just in case you don't
like them why wrong by beg money to
their other own alternatives for this
video and um so here's my list hope you
guys enjoy it
um Vic you buy a Coldplay great one
powerless right now my quick toggle
chances fight for fighting and 100 years
by Five For Fighting
another firefighting like for fighting
classic Superman and I'm human by
Christina Perri up-and-coming artists
may be great you can check her out and
I'm I would save alive but afraid you
know mm Kasich right there and I'm a
beautiful day but you do can't go wrong
with that you know so um hold your head
by a biggie smalls featuring Bob Marley
that goes on my pupok know classic
gangster rap
and on where'd you go before minor then
I'm here without you back to yours down
lost without you I've been wanting to
also been going to not now there is by a
limp we're going to occupy an Box Car
Racer down on well diam Xbox 20 a great
um early two-thousands classic right
there you get what you give by the
radicals classic naive in one thing by
um you know Canadian legends Finger
Eleven the scientist by Coldplay leave
the memories alone my fuel chasing cars
by a self-control and I'm bad day by the
Daniel Powter you know mm classic
thousand years the up-and-coming artists
Christina Perri go check it out if you
haven't yet stay by Rihanna yeah
definitely Sam Smith would stay with me
um look what you've done by jet mm
classic another mm like uber standing
here and I'm channeled the day by Linkin
Park so it's my list of a alternative
suggestions for our music criticism this
tribute video I've made you know if you
guys have any suggestions you know feel
free to comment yes yeah and um yeah
that's it
there's some peace pen powers back
inaudible signing off